DO NOT "FIX" CODE IN THIS DIRECTORY.

ONLY UPSTREAM VERSIONS OF SOFTWARE GO IN THIS DIRECTORY.

This directory is provided as a courtesy to our users who might be
unable or unwilling to find and install libraries we depend on.

If we "fix" software in this directory, we hamstring users who do the
right thing and keep a single version of upstream libraries in a
system-wide library. We introduce subtle and maddening bugs where
our code is "accidentally" using the "wrong" library version. We may
unwittingly interfere with other software that depends on the
canonical release versions of those same libraries!

Forking upstream software for trivial reasons makes us bad citizens in
the Open Source community and adds unnecessary heartache for our
users. Don't make us "that" project.

FAQ:

Q: What should we do when we find a bug in upstream software?

A: First and foremost, REPORT THE BUG, and if possible send in a patch.

   Watch for a release of the upstream software and integrate with it
   when it's released.

   In the meantime, work around the bug, if at all possible. Usually,
   it's quite possible, if slightly harder or less efficient.

Q: What if the bug can't be worked around?

A: If the upstream developers have accepted a bug patch, it's
   undesirable but acceptable to apply that patch to the library in
   the extlib dir. Ideally, use a release version for upstream or a
   version control system snapshot.

   Note that this is a last resort.

Q: What if upstream is unresponsive or won't accept a patch?

A: Try again.

Q: I tried again, and upstream is still unresponsive and nobody's
   checked on my patch. Now what?

A: If the upstream project is moribund and there's a way to adopt it,
   propose having the StatusNet dev team adopt the project. Or, adopt
   it yourself.

Q: What if there's no upstream authority and it can't be adopted?

A: Then we fork it. Make a new name and a new version. Include it in
   lib/ instead of extlib/, and use the StatusNet_* prefix to change
   the namespace to avoid collisions.

   This is a last resort; consult with the rest of the dev group
   before taking this radical step.
